Chore: updated readme (#315)
ExtraHorizon/javascript-sdk: README.md

## Installation

> In your project, if you are using yarn you need to create a file called `.yarnrc` (if you are using npm, create a file called `.npmrc`) at the root level of your project and add this line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your project, if you are using yarn you need to create a file called `.yarnrc` (if you are using npm, create a file called `.npmrc`) at the root level of your project and add these lines:
```
